# Feedback for Ish 

## Aina Dunnet - Associate: 
Ish and I were tasked with creating a slide deck for our main client contacts to illustrate the impact of delaying the signing of the contract. Ish was very proactive with the task at hand and after briefing him on what was needed and giving him the necessary information, he took the initiative to dive into the task and created some excellent slides. He was able to work independently and produce high-quality work.The slides he created demonstrated the impact of delaying the contact, and the presentation was visually appealing and effectively conveyed the critical points we needed to illustrate to the clients. 

## Richard Boafo - Trainee Associate: 
During my time working with Ish, he has supported me and my work package in analysing data sets for our client and drawing valuable insights into trust engagement. I was very impressed by Ish's proactiveness in completing the tasks that were assigned to him with little to no guidance. His analysis of our client's data was of an extremely high standard and exceeded my expectations for an intern. Additionally, Ish has demonstrated a very high level of attention to detail, which has been evidenced by the positive feedback he has received from other members of my workstream. Ish is also a very respectable and hardworking individual who shows a strong aptitude for learning, which will undoubtedly support him in his future ventures. It has been a pleasure to work with Ish over the course of the internship, and I would be glad to see him back at PwC.

## Ollie Barella - Senior Associate:
Over the course of Ish’s tenure at PwC he has supported me in developing the behaviour predictor asset that I lead on. I tasked Ish with a challenging data analysis activity; to identify correlations within a complex dataset with significant data quality issues. I was very impressed with the speed at which Ish was able to comprehend the task at hand with little to no guidance on how to proceed. He worked seamlessly with another intern showing mature collaborative skills and together they were able to divide and conquer in an efficient manner; particularly important given they had such little time to complete the task. Ish’s attention to detail was immaculate, identifying, and fixing a host of data quality issues that would’ve plagued the analysis had they slipped through the net. His technical capability is evidently strong, using python, R and exploring the use of machine learning models - I would welcome Ish on a D&A analysis project anytime. Well done Ish!

## Lucia Evans - Associate:
During Ish's internship at PwC, I have served as his main point of contact and mentor, ensuring he is well-supported both in understanding the firm's operational model and the structure of our project. Although my direct collaboration with Ish on a project has been brief, I have been thoroughly impressed by his rapid grasp of his understanding of the project's nature. Given the project's scope, which involves healthcare terminology and numerous moving parts, Ish's ability to adapt quickly is really impressive..
Ish has consistently produced high-quality work, surpassing the typical expectations for an intern in such a short period. His exceptional work ethic and proactive approach to tasks are particularly noteworthy. He not only meets but often exceeds expectations, continually seeking ways to improve and innovate.
Ish never hesitates to ask questions and is always eager to embrace new challenges. Considering his brief tenure and the complexity of the project, his accomplishments are significant and something he should take great pride in. Moving forward, I recommend that he leverages the skills and experiences he has gained during this internship to excel in his final year of university and in his future career endeavors.
Ish has been an invaluable asset to our team, and his presence will be greatly missed.Great work Ish and hope to see you back in PwC soon!


## Erato Antoniou - Manager:
Ish has been phenomenal in executing the tasks delegated to him and bringing new ideas to the table on the Frontline Digitisation Support Offer programme. Ish has executed tasks with great diligence and precision and great problem-solving skills, delivering high-quality work with the help and guidance of our work package leads. His ability to understand and follow through on complex instructions has been impressive given he was on the project for only about a month. His assistance to the programme but also to our work package leads has been invaluable, so I’d like to thank Ish for that.

Fab work, Ish! Keep up the great work and I am looking forward to seeing what great things you achieve.

## Ailsa Hatton - SM
Ish has been a real asset to the team since he joined - he has supported across multiple workstreams of an incredibly complex transformation programme that aims to upskill the whole of the NHS on digital transformation - we have engaged with over 180 Trusts in the country, and there are seven workstreams delivering different kinds of engagement, training, technical expertise, and programme management. The programme is currently in a transition phase where we are looking to onsell over £5m. This requires a tight timeframe with the client requiring to push for a business case to be approved before mid September or the large programme will have to go on hold, which would have a large impact on revenue for HILS as this programme is currently approximately ⅓ of the health consulting monthly budget. Ish worked with Aina to create a deck which would show the impact - both on our client NHSE and on Trusts across the country - if the programme were to stand down. This was a short turnaround request as our client meeting was the next day at 10am, and Ish was able to support the request, turning around detailed slides quickly by engaging across the team to gather information. Feedback was turned around really quickly, and the deck was of high quality, which was an invaluable support to our conversation with the client to push them to submit the business case more quickly. The business case being approved more timely willl mean that PwC revenues will remain unaffected, but more importantly the great work the team are doing to support the NHS in its transformation will not be affected, helping Trusts across the country to be upskilled in critical digital infrastructure transformation. 
The one thing that I would like to caution Ish on is how laid back he appears at first meeting - while I don’t believe he needs to change who he is, this first impression really sells the speed and attention to his work short. As an associate at PwC, he should make sure that he is fully prepared with questions he wants to ask before he meets new people, and make sure that he’s showing those networking meetings as much attention as he pays his work.

 Ish was a real asset to our team for the time that he was with us, and his attention to detail and speed of picking up completely new ideas and running with them would be an asset to PwC in future. Stay in touch, Ish - I’d be more than happy to work with you again and am keen that you stay in the world of health consulting if that’s what you decide you want to do.

